Note that this is an individual assignment, not a group activity ! Automated checkers will be used to flag partly (or fully) duplicate submissions from students in this year's cohort. If markers feel that collusion between students has taken place, the incident will be referred to an academic malpractice panel. The outcome of this panel may be a mark of zero for assignment or even the entire unit (if it is a repeat offence).

For consistency and compatibly with all test cases, it is essential that you adhere to the gameplay commands detailed in this workbook.
You should also ensure that you do not change the name of your main class - it must be called `GameServer`.
If you change the name of the class (or the `handleCommand` method) the marking script will not be able to test your code !
It is **ESSENTIAL** that you check your code still passes the original test script provided as part of the maven project.
If your code does not pass these basic tests, then it is likely your code will not pass any of the final marking tests.

Make sure your code does not contain anything specific to your computer (e.g. absolute file paths, operating system specific code etc).
Before submitting your code, we advise you to test your project on a computer _other than the one it was developed on_ (e.g. a lab machine).
Clear out all temporary files and then ensure the code compiles and runs correctly using Maven. We will apply a penalty mark if we cannot run your code
"out of the box" - we can't spend time fixing everyones projects before we mark them !

As we have discussed a number of times on this unit, effective and comprehensive testing is an essential aspect of software development. For this reason, your test cases will be marked on the extent to which they cover the key functionality of the assignment, as well as the extent to which they ensure that the system does not enter any erroneous states. When assessing your test cases, we will first ensure that those tests are "exercising" sections of your own code. In addition to this, we will also run your tests against a preexisting "known good" solution (to ensure that your tests fully exercise another, *unseen* codebase). Finally, we will run your test cases against a "known bad" solution, in order to determine how many faults your tests are able to detect (tests are useless unless they are actually able to detect faults !) The output of all of this analysis will be a number of percentage values (percentage of codebase covered by test cases, percentage of faults detected by test cases etc.) During the marking process, these percentage values will be applied as multipliers to your grade for the assignment. For example, a test case rating of 90% would result in your grade for the assignment being multiplied by 0.9. Note that a test case rating of 100% would result in no reduction of your raw mark, so you would receive the full grade (as determined by an assessment of the functionality of your implementation). 

It is also important to remember that the "quality" of your code will also be taken into account during the marking process. The code quality metrics outlined earlier in this unit will be used to identify deficiencies in your code and appropriate penalty marks will be applied. For this reason, it is important that you adhere to the structure and style guidelines outlined in the "code quality" lecture. If you pay close attention to these guidelines, it is likely that you will not receive any penalty marks. By way of illustration, last year approximately a third of students received a code quality penalty for this assignment (for those that did received a penalty, the average reduction was only 2%). The aim here is not to penalise students, but rather to help encourage the production of high-quality code.

Finally, remember that we will use automated analysis tools to determine "derived" code (material "found" online or generated by AI). You will only receive credit for code that YOU yourself have written.